all right guys we're out here fishing on
the Rappahannock on the Rappahannock
River um you know uncle caught the first
fish what is that so looks like a little
uh no it's like a little law brokers
usually make noise but this isn't a
croaker I'm not sure it just is a bass
the slight okay kind of does yeah we
don't know we're brackish water fishing
on the Rappahannock River on the
Rappahannock estuary so it's a brackish
water right here so yeah right now
slight 750 in the morning it's really
good time to fish the tide is high right
now
so try to get some action it's my first
time saltwater walk back before official
salt water thank you so we'll get back
to you
we just caught a nice live a small bass
baby bears all right well I've stirred a
line budworm line then I'm put out to
chicken-livered line we'll see what we
can get yeah I don't know what the
species that's pretty
another random enemy missing the side he
said swallow the hook and they'll have a
hard life I can imagine living with a
hook in my stomach
I just come another small very small and
mr. jellyfish you came closer this is so
cool yeah we're are getting the hang
Stevens getting the hang of fishing
again yeah all right we'll put them back
and we'll get back to you
cool this jellyfish is just so cool it's
right there
don't go gotta fix cool is that a spot
yep nice oh he's colorful I'm a cute
little baby one Wow
keep still dude let me hook myself I
will be pissed off this you gotta get a
picture of them and take the hook out
yeah they got it doing another blood
worm and I caught it redfish it's a
little one a little one but this guy
just my righteous bull
bye-bye fish bye
all right guys
sums that through that in caught me a
nice striper whoa he's little I Steve
will help you
I'm gonna hook out of the mouth oh my
Warsaw yeah yeah that's a nice striper
all right cool
if we get any more of these or redfish
or striper I won't worry about it
because we're catching a lot of those
and I don't want the batter to die on
little fish but yeah I'll get back to
you he was dragging this guy across the
water but that's a nice what is that um
it's a little baby croaker Oh croaker
yeah now you're here making the noise oh
hey yeah sound like Steven last night he
opens little mouth here all right go
back in you dude nice job Steven all
right guys let's just caught a croaker
this is my second fishing Oh rooster
tail actually I caught one of those
white fish so no we kept catching
earlier yeah croaking croaking croaking
all right well nice on a rooster tail
wardens rooster tail yeah it works
wonders anywhere on one 16 ounce using
the ultra light combo but yeah we'll get
back to you